README.md, before:

wiiego-xbmc-addons
==================

Wiiego's Kodi Addons is a Multimedia Collection for Kodi to listen music and see videos.
You can download my repo from: https://github.com/diegofn/wiiego-xbmc-addons/raw/master/repo/repository.wiiego/repository.wiiego-1.0.1.zip 

It include the following plugins

plugin.video.colombiatv
=======================

- ColombiaTV is a Kodi Addon to watch Colombian TV Channels for free. Its only for educational porpouses. If the Kodi repository does not work you can download it from the repository and get free updates when public release: https://bit.ly/ColombiaTVRepo

Features
- Site plugins on python classes
- On demand shows on hqq(dot)tv links

Wish
- Integration with mi(dot)tv to TV EPG
- Liga Aguila integration events

plugin.audio.sonora (unavailable)
=================================

Terra's Sonora is a online service to listen more that 20 millons of songs and radios for free. With one free account you can create playlist, mark songs as favorites and download songs (premium service). With this plugin you can listen the sonora library without ads. Its only for educational porpouses.

Note: This addon is unavailable since June 2014

Features
- Favorites songs
- Playlist songs
- Catalog 
- Ranking
- Search 

Wish
- Create playlists
- Add songs to playlist
- Favorite Artists
- Favorite albums
- Downloads
- Pager
- Ranking by genre

Version 1.0
===========

- First version of Sonora XBMC plugin

Version 0.1
===========

- First version of XBMC repository

Commit message:

Version 1.4.6 ============= * New ColombiaRadio section with audio stations

README.md, after:

******************
wiiego-xbmc-addons
******************

Wiiego's Kodi Addons is a Multimedia Collection for Kodi to listen music, see videos and enjoy live channels.

Installation
=================
You can download the Kodi repository from: https://github.com/diegofn/wiiego-xbmc-addons/raw/master/repo/repository.wiiego/repository.wiiego-1.0.1.zip 

A video tutorial to install in Kodi is available here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XQ6XoJ5i_jM  

Project resources
=================

- `Source code <https://github.com/diegofn/wiiego-xbmc-addons>`_
- `Issue tracker <https://github.com/diegofn/wiiego-xbmc-addons/issues>`_

Credits
=======

- `Original author <https://github.com/diegofn>`_
- `Current maintainer <https://github.com/diegofn>`_
- `Contributors <https://github.com/diegofn/wiiego-xbmc-addons/graphs/contributors>`_

Include Plugins
===============

plugin.video.colombiatv
-----------------------

- ColombiaTV is a Kodi Addon to watch Colombian TV Channels for free. Its only for educational porpouses. If the Kodi repository does not work you can download it from the repository and get free updates: https://bit.ly/ColombiaTVRepo

Features
- Site plugins on python classes
- On demand shows based on hqq(dot)tv links

Wish
- Integration with mi(dot)tv to TV EPG Kodi
- Liga Aguila integration events

plugin.audio.sonora (unavailable)
---------------------------------

Terra's Sonora is a online service to listen more that 20 millons of songs and radios for free. With one free account you can create playlist, mark songs as favorites and download songs (premium service). With this plugin you can listen the sonora library without ads. Its only for educational porpouses.

Note: This addon is unavailable since June 2014

Features
- Favorites songs
- Playlist songs
- Catalog 
- Ranking
- Search 

Wish
- Create playlists
- Add songs to playlist
- Favorite Artists
- Favorite albums
- Downloads
- Pager
- Ranking by genre
